# Bonify
## Problem Statement 2 (branch question2) :
Write an automated test script for our login page my.bonify.de that tests all functions and
features on this one page and performs login.
Expected result is the self-runnable test and step by step explanation on how to run it,
including the needed tools installations to be made.
## Solution 2:
The provided solution enables automated testing of ‘my.bonify.de’. The expected labels/text are
retrieved from an excel therefore, making it easier to maintain. Once the test suite is executed, a
detailed report is generated by TestNG.
### The test cases automated are as follows:
1. User launches ‘my.bonify.de’ and verifies that text of welcome message.
2. User verifies all the text(labels) displayed in the ‘my.bonify.de’. eg : Forget password, login, Impressum etc.
3. User click on all the links (e.g. AGB etc) and all buttons (e.g. New registration etc ) to verifies the functionalities.
4. User login functionality.
5. User logouts
6. Closes all windows.
## Problem Statement 3 (branch question3) :
Write 1 test case of your choice(not login) for my.bonify.de application and implement
automation for this use case. The test case preferable should include the validation of data
selected on previous screen or/and work with iframes in the web application.
Expected result is the self-runnable test and step by step explanation on how to run it,
including the needed tools installations to be made.
## Solution 3:
The provided solution enables automated testing with iframes in chat window of ‘my.bonify.de’. It test
the switching of frames which is embedded inside the webpage. The expected labels/text are retrieved
from an excel therefore, making it easier to maintain. Once the test suite is executed, a detailed report
is generated by TestNG.
An report of successful execution is also attached.
### The test cases automated are as follows:
1. User launches ‘my.bonify.de’.
2. User logins successfully.
3. User clicks on ‘message leave’ window (chat window). This requires switching of frames.
4. User logouts. This also requires web driver to switch back to default frame.
5. Closes all windows.
## Installations:
1. Idea IntelliJ (15.0.6)
2. Chrome driver (.exe)
3. JDK 1.8
## Maven dependencies included (please refer POM.xml):
1. Selenium (3.14.0) – automation tool
2. TestNG (6.14.3) – java framework for test automation
3. apache poi (4.0.0) – for reading expected values from excel (asserts)
4. poi-ooxml (4.0.0) – for reading expected values from excel (asserts)
## How to run :
1. Pull the latest code from Bonify project in GitHub (branches - question2 or question3).
2. Open IntelliJ. File -> New -> 'Project from existing source' -> Select the location of POM.xml (BonifyLogin\pom.xml) -> OK -> Next ->Next -> Next -> (give Project name as required) Finish.
3. Open maven. View -> Tools Window ->maven projects.
4. Place chromedriver.exe in C: drive.
5. In the maven window, click on "Reimport all maven projects".
6. Execute the following maven lifecycles for BonifyLogin. clean -> compile -> test( in the same order).
7. The test report is generated in BonifyLogin\target\surefire-reports
